in this short video you'll learn how
Facebook Ads can help your business
reach the right people Facebook is
different than other ways of advertising
because we can get your ads to just the
right people more than a billion people
around the world use Facebook and
everyone sees newsfeed a stream of
information from their friends family
and things they're interested in like
movies and music sports and activities
and businesses too with so many people
on Facebook we can connect your business
to the right people right when they're
open to discovering here's how your ads
can reach the right people when you
create an ad you can pick the type of
people you want to reach by choosing
certain traits so you can find the
people who are most likely to be
interested in your business choose from
options like age gender location and
their interests like biking cooking or
gadgets and so much more you can even
reach people by the specific device they
use to check Facebook like computers
phones and tablets and using partner
categories we can help you understand
what people like to do off Facebook -
like if they want to buy a car or shop
for premium pet food your audience can
be narrow or broad it's all about who
you want to reach when your ad runs only
the people with the traits you picked
will see it this makes Facebook a really
efficient way to reach new customers and
grow your business with custom audiences
you can advertise for people you already
know for example if you have the emails
or phone numbers of people you do
business with we can help you reach them
on Facebook so you can run ads to reach
existing customers or exclude them from
ads to meet new ones and when you upload
customer information it's used in a
secure anonymous and privacy safe way so
you can reach people while keeping their
identities private and secure and with
look-alike audiences you can find even
more people who are similar to your
customers with just a click Facebook can
connect your business to groups of
people
similar to your customers
people who like your page and the people
who shop on your website or app we want
to make Facebook valuable and meaningful
for every which is why we show people
relevant ads based on who they are in
what interests them and why we help your
business enjoy an efficient and powerful
way to reach customers
you